Foundations/Git Basics, The Back End, and Conclusion: Fix Headings and Section Placement (#24379)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: foundations/tying_it_all_together/conclusion.md

  - Object-oriented programming (OOP) is the Ruby way; many other languages are primarily OOP-based.

### JavaScript/Node & Express

- Un-opinionated
  - There is no standard way of doing things. You are going to have to decide the structure of projects yourself, for better or worse.
- Very fast
  - Because JavaScript utilises JIT (Just-In-Time) compilation, it can do calculations very quickly.
- Verbose
  - There is no magic involved with these technologies. You will have to understand everything to make sense of it.
  - Helps you get closer to how the computer is actually reading your code.
- Same language on both front end and back end
  - Keeping the language consistent can help with writing consistent code across your entire application.
  - Allows you to do some cool things, like writing code that runs on both the browser and the server for optimization purposes.

In the end, it doesn't matter which path you take. It's only important that you stick with it, and continue to hold onto the learner's mindset throughout your career. Not convinced? [Click here](https://medium.com/@bycdiaz/choosing-the-right-language-a-short-guide-on-how-not-to-ruin-your-career-2b353be1371).

> ### Still can't decide, let the spinner settle your fate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Still Can’t Decide, Let the Spinner Settle Your Fate
```

This section contains helpful links to related content. It isn’t required, so consider it supplemental.

> - It looks like this lesson doesn't have any additional resources yet. Help us expand this section by contributing to our curriculum.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- It looks like this lesson doesn't have any additional resources yet. Help us expand this section by contributing to our curriculum.

```
Newline at end of file
